---
external help file: Pester-help.xml
Module Name: Pester
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-PesterOption

## SYNOPSIS
Creates an object that contains advanced options for Invoke-Pester

## SYNTAX

```
New-PesterOption [-IncludeVSCodeMarker] [[-TestSuiteName] <String>] [-Experimental] [-ShowScopeHints]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
By using New-PesterOption you can set options what allow easier integration with external applications or
modifies output generated by Invoke-Pester.
The result of New-PesterOption need to be assigned to the parameter 'PesterOption' of the Invoke-Pester function.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1
```
$Options = New-PesterOption -TestSuiteName "Tests - Set A"
```

PS \> Invoke-Pester -PesterOption $Options -Outputfile ".\Results-Set-A.xml" -OutputFormat NUnitXML

The result of commands will be execution of tests and saving results of them in a NUnitMXL file where the root "test-suite"
will be named "Tests - Set A".

## PARAMETERS

### -IncludeVSCodeMarker
When this switch is set, an extra line of output will be written to the console for test failures, making it easier
for VSCode's parser to provide highlighting / tooltips on the line where the error occurred.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TestSuiteName
When generating NUnit XML output, this controls the name assigned to the root "test-suite" element. 
Defaults to "Pester".

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: Pester
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Experimental
Enables experimental features of Pester to be enabled.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ShowScopeHints
EXPERIMENTAL: Enables debugging output for debugging tranisition among scopes. (Experimental flag needs to be used to enable this.)

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
You cannot pipe input to this command.

## OUTPUTS

### System.Management.Automation.PSObject

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Invoke-Pester]()

